Add note about oddly formed age payloads (#432)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-2-data-types.md

Different cultures count ages differently. Some increment years on the anniversary of birth and others at particular seasons. Some round to the nearest year, others round years down, others round years up. Because users may be unaware of these traditions or may fail to convert them to the round-down convention, errors in age of up to a year are common.

:::note
Because age payloads are intended to allow recording the age as it was recorded in records that could contain errors,
odd ages such as `8w 30d`, `1y 400d`, `1y 30m`, etc. are permitted.  Some applications might convert these to more

> standard forms and use a `PHRASE` substructure to hold the original form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
standard forms; if so, it is recommended that they use a `PHRASE` substructure to hold the original form.
```

Change suggested to make it not seem like applications who standardize always use `PHRASE`
